https://codepen.io/ernie-nettles/pen/wvapLve?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
            HTML that gives meaning to our content.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
            To structure a webpage. HTML is the foundation of a web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
            Provides information about an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
            H1 is used for the title of a webpage and should only be used once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
            a and img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
            heading

    7. What is an id? 
            a css selector

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
            divs and sections

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
            never

    10. What is a class? 
            a css selector

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
            Any element within the class

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
            As many times as needed.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
            Anchor tags

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 


    15. How do I reference an id?
            #id {

            }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
            A section is used for similar content on a page, a div can seperate content even if it's similar.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
            To style a webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
            h2 {

            }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
            You would use an id over a class when you want more specifity within a given element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
            .class{

            }


    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
            .human p {

            }


    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
            When you need a child class to inherit something from a parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
            a.sidebar {

            }

    24. What is a pseudo selector? 
            A css selector that applies certain conditions to a class 


    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
            line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
            letter-spacing property


    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
            text-transform


    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
            border: 1px dotted black;


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
            * {

            }


    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?    
            /* comment */


    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
            $ pwd


    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
            $ ls -la

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
            $ rm <file>


    34. Why should I use version control?  
            So that you can revert back to a previous version if something breaks.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
            About every 20 minutes or when you get a function working.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        $ git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork the project
        2. Add your TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone your repo
        4. Use cd to go to the directory where you want to clone the forked repo
        5. Use git clone <link to repo>
        6. cd into the repo
        7. Use git checkout -b "firstname-lastname" to create your own branch.
        8. Get the assignment done.
        9. git add. to add the changes and make them ready to commit
        10. Commit the changes with git commit -m "Helpful message here"
        11. git push -u origin branch-name to push the project to github.
        12. Submit a pull request.



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
            Inline elements don't take up an entire page like the p element, while block elements like a div will.


    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 


    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default


    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
